improve docs for localConfig usage (#191)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore.adoc

====

> == Restoring from Persistent Volume Claims

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Restoring from Persistent Volumes
```

> To restore from local backups that are in a existing link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/[Persistent Volume], configure `localConfig`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To restore from local backups that are in an existing link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/[Persistent Volume], configure `localConfig`.
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/hazelcast-persistence-restore-local.yaml[]
----

> <1> For existing PVCs to attach successfully to the newly created cluster;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> To successfully attach existing PVCs to the newly created cluster:
```

> - If the older cluster was created by the Hazelcast Platform Operator, Hazelcast custom resource name for both backup and restore CRs must be the same, otherwise, the restore fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the older cluster was created by the Hazelcast Platform Operator, the name of both the backup and restore Hazelcast custom resources must be the same.
```
